so here's the one that like everybody
gets
a little bit wrong which is
which vp i finally got to a million or
even 2 million in revenue which vp
should i hire first
90 of you in the audience will want to
hire the vp of sales first right
you'll finally figure out how to get
customers you'll get tired you'll feel
like if i can find this great vp of
sales she'll be a magician
i'll sell more it's true absolutely if
at a million in revenue you're ready a
million two at the latest you are
absolutely ready for a vp of sales once
you even have
two reps at quota as soon as you have
two a great vp can take you from
three to three hundred that's her job
she can do it but what people don't get
is that you should hire actually
any great vp you can find at a million
this is the mistake we get we fixate on
this magician
that's going to magically bail us out
but here's the magic
once you get a million you're trying to
go to 2 million or 3 million in the next
year
that means that all of these vps if
they're awesome will be accretive
so yes you want the vp of sales but what
about a vp of marketing
imagine i hired my i wrote this post
years ago because i didn't get it i
hired my vp of marketing
at 20 000 a month in mrr and she was not
only great she was a creative
like why would she be creative let's
imagine you hire a vp marketing even
later at a million
and and she brings more leads in i just
invested in a company at a million in
revenue
it has 40 leads a month it's doing well
and the next thing we're going to do is
hire a vp of demand gen you want to know
why
if she gets them just from 40 to 50
leads a month and
and those leads are worth twenty
thousand forty fifty thousand dollars
each
isn't she gonna more than pay for her
salary of course she is right
of course this vba marketing can get if
she gets you 50
more leads and instead of going from one
to two this year you go from one to
three an extra million even an extra
half million
she's gonna more than pay for herself
right then and there at least probably
in two quarters so
absolutely anyone that can get you more
good leads is is worth their weight
they're worth their salary and their
weight in gold even at 20k a month so
hire her early don't just wait for this
vp of sales
same thing with customer success right
you heard todd before talk about hunting
that first great customer was talking
about
if you have 10 even if you have 10 big
customers 20 30
and you hire this vp of customer sets at
a million and she grows just a couple of
those accounts bigger than you could
because you don't have time
or some junior person does she can more
than pay for herself i over time had
accounts that
we grew from 20 000 to millions of
dollars at adobe sun and echo sign
you bring this person in to handle let's
say you're doing a million and
10 of those customers are half million
of your revenue can this person grow
that half million to six hundred
thousand seven hundred thousand eight
hundred thousand
if she or he does nothing 50 hours a
week
but make these customers happy of course
she can so don't wait
if you find the world's best vp of
customer success at a million hire her
tomorrow
hire the vp of marketing hire the vp of
sales and then the last one and i think
todd might have touched on this but we
don't get it
we all wait for the vp of product late
why wait what if this vp of product
spends 50 hours a week figuring out
what's that magic feature that's going
to get you that 150k deal that 100k deal
and what if each quarter she
re-prioritizes your roadmap because
you've run out of time
so you can make that ge that google that
facebook
the schneider electric that whatever
happy and just once a quarter you close
that bigger deal
that vp of product is accretive they're
beyond free
so hopefully i've convinced you at least
some of these are true and you're all
going to be fixated vp of sales vp sales
vp sales vp sales hire her if you can
find her at a million but also hire any
of the vps if they're graded a million
they're all accretive
and that that value will just compound
over time since this is my perfect order
the vp of marketing
early because just more leads means more
revenue you literally can afford a vp of
demand gen at even 20k in mrr
because she'll more than pay for herself
vp of sales at a million
maybe the vp of sales cs after that
product at 405 engineering after
this is like in a perfect world if you
came to traction you met all your great
executives here
life was perfect you could maybe do this
but i would reorient
any of these if i found a great one any
of them hire them the second you fire
higher great when they're all accretive